README.md, before:

A total conversion mod inspired by BTW.

> [!TIP]
> challenge yourself vro. get positive feedback bro

Instead of making a mod that I enjoy based on its vibes, I'm gonna make a mod that I enjoy based on its gameplay. I find mining fun, so let's commit to a mod that expands on that.

playtest :3

more mobs

more uses for resources, encouraging setting up a base camp (with smelting infrastructure) from which you go underground

need some reason to make interesting infrastructure

change the gameplay so that everything is done with a single end goal in mind (not aimless/player driven). but what goal, and how to get to it?!

I like the seclusion of minecraft

as you progress, hard things get easier but harder things open up

getting iron tools should be a _big achievement_

tank u uncleacid for the cherry tree + copper block textures :3

## World

Literally only one biome (plains but with oak/cherry trees added), no more variation, no more exploring :3

surface
- has wood

subsurface
- thin crust below surface
- has coal and copper (same hardness/mining requirements/stuff as coal, copper tools replace stone tools)

caverns
- huge underground cave
- has iron, diamonds, redstone, lapis, and gold

## NOT going to add

- New structures/biomes (exploration is tedious, fun should come from taking advantage of the world's resources, not finding stuff in the world)

Commit message:

plan nether changes in README.md

README.md, after:

A total conversion mod inspired by BTW.

> [!TIP]
> challenge yourself vro. get positive feedback bro

Instead of making a mod that I enjoy based on its vibes, I'm gonna make a mod that I enjoy based on its gameplay. I find mining fun, so let's commit to a mod that expands on that.

playtest :3

more mobs

more uses for resources, encouraging setting up a base camp (with smelting infrastructure) from which you go underground

need some reason to make interesting infrastructure

change the gameplay so that everything is done with a single end goal in mind (not aimless/player driven). but what goal, and how to get to it?!

I like the seclusion of minecraft

as you progress, hard things get easier but harder things open up

getting iron tools should be a _big achievement_

tank u uncleacid for the cherry tree + copper block textures :3

## World

Literally only one biome (plains but with oak/cherry trees added), no more variation, no more exploring :3

surface
- has wood

subsurface
- thin crust below surface
- has coal and copper (same hardness/mining requirements/stuff as coal, copper tools replace stone tools)

caverns
- huge underground cave
- has iron, diamonds, redstone, lapis, and gold
  
TODO remove the nether dimension, put the nether beneath the overworld, make netherrack require iron to mine (at any reasonable speed), make diamonds only generate in the nether

## NOT going to add

- New structures/biomes (exploration is tedious, fun should come from taking advantage of the world's resources, not finding stuff in the world)
